<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

* [BumperAdsController][1]
  * [Parameters][2]
  * [skipAd][3]
  * [active][4]
* [done][5]
* [BumperMiddleware][6]
  * [Parameters][7]
  * [play][8]
    * [Parameters][9]
  * [pause][10]
    * [Parameters][11]
* [Bumper][12]
  * [Parameters][13]
  * [getMiddlewareImpl][14]
  * [updateConfig][15]
    * [Parameters][16]
  * [play][17]
  * [pause][18]
  * [complete][19]
  * [reset][20]
  * [defaultConfig][21]
  * [isValid][22]
* [getAdsController][23]

## BumperAdsController

Controller for bumper plugin.

### Parameters

* `context` **[Bumper][24]** The bumper plugin context.

### skipAd

Skip on an ad.

Returns **void**

### active

Whether this ads controller is active

Returns **void**

## done

Whether this ads controller is done

Returns **[boolean][25]** is done

## BumperMiddleware

**Extends BaseMiddleware**

Middleware implementation for bumper plugin.

### Parameters

* `context` **[Bumper][24]** The bumper plugin context.

### play

Play middleware handler.

#### Parameters

* `next` **[Function][26]** The next play handler in the middleware chain.

Returns **void**

### pause

Pause middleware handler.

#### Parameters

* `next` **[Function][26]** The next pause handler in the middleware chain.

Returns **void**

## Bumper

**Extends BasePlugin**

The bumper plugin.

### Parameters

* `name` **[string][27]** The plugin name.
* `player` **Player** The player instance.
* `config` **[Object][28]** The plugin config.

### getMiddlewareImpl

Gets the middleware.

Returns **[BumperMiddleware][29]** The middleware api.

### updateConfig

Update the plugin config.

#### Parameters

* `update` **[Object][28]**

Returns **void**

### play

Play/Resume the bumper

Returns **void**

### pause

Pause the bumper

Returns **void**

### complete

Bumper completed promise

Returns **[Promise][30]&lt;void>** bumper completed

### reset

Resets the plugin.

Returns **void**

### defaultConfig

The default configuration of the plugin.

Type: [Object][28]

### isValid

Returns **[boolean][25]** Whether the plugin is valid.

## getAdsController

Gets the ads controller.

Returns **IAdsPluginController** The ads api.

[1]: #bumperadscontroller
[2]: #parameters
[3]: #skipad
[4]: #active
[5]: #done
[6]: #bumpermiddleware
[7]: #parameters-1
[8]: #play
[9]: #parameters-2
[10]: #pause
[11]: #parameters-3
[12]: #bumper
[13]: #parameters-4
[14]: #getmiddlewareimpl
[15]: #updateconfig
[16]: #parameters-5
[17]: #play-1
[18]: #pause-1
[19]: #complete
[20]: #reset
[21]: #defaultconfig
[22]: #isvalid
[23]: #getadscontroller
[24]: #bumper
[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
[29]: #bumpermiddleware
[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise
